Exhibit 3.2


K-V PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY


BY-LAWS


ARTICLE I
OFFICES


     Section 1. The registered office shall be in the city of Wilmington, County of New Castle,
State of Delaware.


     Section 2. The corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without
the State of Delaware as the board of directors may from time to time determine or the business of
the corporation may require.


ARTICLE II
MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS


     Section 1. All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors shall be held at
such places as may from time to time be designated by resolution of the board of directors.
Meetings of stockholders for any other purpose may be held at such time and place, within or
without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly
executed waiver of notice thereof.


     Section 2. Annual meetings of stockholders, commencing with the year 1971, shall be held on
the fourth Monday of July if not a legal holiday, and if a legal holiday, then on the next secular
day following, at 10:00 A.M., or at such other date and time as shall be designated from time to
time by the board of directors and stated in the notice of the meeting, at which they shall elect
by a plurality vote a board of directors, and transact such other business as may properly be
brought before the meeting.


     Section 3. Written notice of the annual meeting stating the place, date and hour of the
meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten nor
more than fifty days before the date of the meeting.


     Section 4. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare and
make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders
entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each
stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be
open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary
business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within
the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the
meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also
be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be
inspected by any stockholder who is present.


     Section 5. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise
prescribed by statute or by the certificate of incorporation, may be called by the president and
shall be called by the president or secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the board
of directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in amount of the
entire capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. Such request
shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.


     Section 6. Written notice of a special meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting
and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten nor
more than fifty days before the date of the meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such
meeting.


     Section 7. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the
purposes stated in the notice.


     Section 8. The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote
thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of
the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the
certificate of incorporation. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any
meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or
represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice
other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such
adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented any business may be transacted
which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment is for
more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned
meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to
vote at the meeting.


     Section 9. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of
the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question
brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the
statutes or of the certificate of incorporation, a different vote is required in which case such
express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question.


     Section 10. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation each stockholder
shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each
share of the capital stock having voting power held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be
voted on after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.


     Section 11. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, any action required
to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation, or any action
which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a
meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action
so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than
the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting


at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of
the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to
those stockholders who have not consented in writing.


ARTICLE III
DIRECTORS


     Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be seven. The
directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section
2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until his successor is elected and
qualified. Directors need not be stockholders.


     Section 2. Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the
authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though
less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the directors so chosen shall hold office
until the next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify,
unless sooner displaced. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be
held in the manner provided by statute. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created
directorship, the directors then in office shall constitute less than a majority of the whole board
(as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), the Court of Chancery may, upon
application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least ten percent of the total number of
the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an
election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the
directors chosen by the directors then in office.


     Section 3. The business of the corporation shall be managed by its board of directors which
may exercise all such powers of the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not
by statute or by the certificate of incorporation or by these by-laws directed or required to be
exercised or done by the stockholders.


MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     Section 4. The board of directors of the corporation may hold meetings, both regular and
special, either within or without the State of Delaware.


     Section 5. The first meeting of each newly elected board of directors shall be held at such
time and place as shall be fixed by the vote of the stockholders at the annual meeting and no
notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the newly elected directors in order legally to
constitute the meeting, provided a quorum shall be present. In the event of the failure of the
stockholders to fix the time or place of such first meeting of the newly elected board of
directors, or in the event such meeting is not held at the time and place so fixed by the
stockholders, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice
given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the board of directors, or as shall be
specified in a written waiver signed by all of the directors.


     Section 6. Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time
and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.


     Section 7.
Special meetings of the board may be called by the president on twenty-four hours
notice to each director, either personally or by mail or by telegram; special meetings shall be
called by the president or secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written request of
two directors.


     Section 8. At all meetings of the board one-third of the directors shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting
at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise
specifically provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If a quorum shall not be
present at any meeting of the board of directors the directors present thereat may adjourn the
meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum
shall be present.


     Section 9. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws,
any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors or of any
committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the board or committee, as the
case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of
proceedings of the board or committee.


COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS


     Section 10. The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board,
designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the
corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee,
who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence
or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any
meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of
any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the
resolution of the board of directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of
the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may
authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such
committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the certificate of
incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders
the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the corporations property and assets,
recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of a dissolution,
or amending the by-laws of the corporation; and, unless the resolution or the certificate of
incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare
a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock. Such committee or committees shall have such name
or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the board of directors.


     Section 11. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to
the board of directors when required.


COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS


     Section 12. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation, the board of
directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid
their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a
fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or
a stated salary as director. No
such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity and
receiving compensation therefore. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like
compensation for attending committee meetings.


ARTICLE IV
NOTICES


     Section 1. Whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of the certificate of
incorporation or of these by-laws, notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder,
it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by
mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his address as it appears on the records of the
corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time
when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Notice to directors may also be given
by telegram.


     Section 2. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the statutes or
of the certificate of incorporation or of these by-laws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the
person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall
be deemed equivalent thereto.


ARTICLE V
OFFICERS


     Section 1. The officers of the corporation shall be chosen by the board of directors and shall
be a chairman of the board, a president, a vice-president, a secretary and a treasurer. The board
of directors may also choose additional vice-presidents, and one or more assistant secretaries and
assistant treasurers. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the certificate
of incorporation or these by-laws otherwise provide.


     Section 2. The board of directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of
stockholders shall choose a chairman of the board, a president, one or more vice-presidents, a
secretary and a treasurer.


     Section 3. The board of directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem
necessary who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform
such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the board.


     Section 4. The salaries of all officers and agents of the corporation shall be fixed by the
board of directors.


     Section 5. The officers of the corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen
and qualify. Any officer elected or appointed by the board of directors may be removed at any time
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors. Any vacancy occurring in any
office of the corporation shall be filled by the board of directors.


THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD


     Section 6. The chairman of the board of directors shall be the chief executive officer of the
corporation and shall have general control and management of the business affairs and policies of
the corporation. He shall be generally responsible for the proper conduct of the business of the
corporation. Except where by law the signature of the president is required, the chairman shall
possess the same power as the president to sign all certificates, contracts, and other instruments
of the corporation. During the absence or disability of the president, he shall exercise all the
powers and discharge all the duties of the president. He shall preside at all meetings of the
stockholders and of the board of directors at which he is present; and, in his absence, the
vice-chairman of the board of directors or the president, in the order named, shall preside at such
meetings. He shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be
conferred or imposed upon him by the board of directors.


THE PRESIDENT


     Section 7. In the absence of the chairman of the board, the president shall preside at all
meetings of the stockholders and the board of directors, shall have general and active management
of the business of the corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of
directors are carried into effect.


     Section 8. He shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the
seal of the corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and
executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the
board of directors to some other officer or agent of the corporation.


THE VICE-PRESIDENTS


     Section 9. In the absence of the president or in the event of his inability or refusal to act,
the vice-president (or in the event there be more than once vice-president, the vice-presidents in
the order designated, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election)
shall perform the duties of the president, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be
subject to all restrictions upon the president. The vice-presidents shall perform such other duties
and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.


THE SECRETARY AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES


     Section 10. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the board of directors and all meetings
of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings of the corporation and of the
board of directors in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the
standing committees when required. He shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of
the stockholders and special meetings of the board of directors, and shall perform such other duties
as may be prescribed by the board of directors or president, under whose supervision he shall be.
He shall have custody of the corporate seal of the corporation and he, or an assistant secretary,
shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may
be attested by his signature or by the signature of such assistant secretary. The board of
directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the corporation and
to attest the affixing by his signature.


     Section 11. The assistant secretary, or if there be more than one, the assistant secretaries
in the order determined by the board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in
the order of their election), shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his
inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to
time prescribe.


THE TREASURER AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS


     Section 12. The treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and
shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the
corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit
of the corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the board of directors.


     Section 13. He shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the board of
directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and the
board of directors, at its regular meetings, or when the board of directors so requires, an account
of all his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the corporation.


     Section 14. If required by the board of directors, he shall give the corporation a bond (which
shall be renewed every six years) in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be
satisfactory to the board of directors for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and
for the restoration to the corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal
from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in his
possession or under his control belonging to the corporation.


     Section 15. The assistant treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant
treasurers in the order determined by the board of directors (or if there be no such determination,
then in the order of their election), shall, in the absence of the treasurer or in the event of his
inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the treasurer and shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to
time prescribe.


ARTICLE VI
CERTIFICATES OF STOCK


     Section 1. Every holder of stock in the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate,
signed by, or in the name of the corporation by, the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of
directors or the president or vice-president and the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the
secretary or an assistant secretary of the corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by
him in the corporation.


     If the corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one
series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or
other special rights of each class of stock or series therefore and the qualifications, limitations
or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the
face or back of the certificate which the corporation shall issue to represent such class or series
of stock, provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law
of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of
the certificate which the corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, a
statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the
powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of
each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such
preferences and/or rights.


     Section 2. Where a certificate is countersigned (1) by a transfer agent other than the
corporation or its employee, or, (2) by a registrar other than the corporation or its employee, any
other signature on the certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or
registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have
ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be
issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or
registrar at the date of issue.


LOST CERTIFICATES


     Section 3. The board of directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in
place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been
lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the
certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new
certificate or certificates, the board of directors may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate
or certificates, or his legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall
require and/or to give the corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been
lost, stolen or destroyed.


TRANSFERS OF STOCK


     Section 4. Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of the corporation of a
certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or
authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the
person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books.


FIXING RECORD DATE


     Section 5. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of
or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or
other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any
change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of
directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten
days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. A
determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of
directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.


REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS


     Section 6. The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person
registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and
to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares,
and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or
shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice
thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.


ARTICLE VII
GENERAL PROVISIONS
DIVIDENDS


     Section 1. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of
the certificate of incorporation, if any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular
or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of
the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation.


     Section 2. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the
corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their
absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing
dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other
purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interest of the corporation, and the
directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.


ANNUAL STATEMENT


     Section 3. The board of directors shall present at each annual meeting, and at any special
meeting of the stockholders when called for by vote of the stockholders, a full and clear statement
of the business and condition of the corporation.


CHECKS


     Section 4. All checks or demands for money and notes of the corporation shall be signed by
such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the board of directors may from time to
time designate.


FISCAL YEAR


     Section 5. The fiscal year of the corporation begins on the first day of April and ends on the
thirty-first day of March in each year.


SEAL


     Section 6. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation, the
year of its organization and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing
it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.


ARTICLE VIII
AMENDMENTS


     Section 1. These by-laws may be altered, amended or repealed or new by-laws may be adopted by
the stockholders or by the board of directors, when such power is conferred upon the board of
directors by the certificate of incorporation, at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the
board of directors or at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors if
notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new by-laws be contained in the notice
of such special meeting.


ARTICLE IX
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS


     Section 1. (a) The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (other than an action by or in the right
of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent
of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise,
against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit, or
proceeding if he


acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding,
had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit,
or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its
equivalent shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and
in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to
believe that his conduct was unlawful.


          (b) The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action or suit by or in the right of the
Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director,
officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust, or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and
reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if
he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any
claim, issue, or other matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for
negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to the Corporation unless and only to the
extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such
person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the court shall deem
proper.


          (c) To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit, or proceeding referred to in
subparagraphs (a) and (b), or in defense of any claim, issue, or matter therein, he shall be
indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in
connection therewith.


          (d) Any indemnification under subparagraphs (a) and (b) (unless ordered by a court) shall be
made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that
indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because
he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subparagraphs (a) and (b). Such
determination shall be made (i) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting
of directors who were not parties to such action, suit, or proceeding, or (ii) if such a quorum is
not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by
independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iii) by the stockholders.


          (e) Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit, or proceeding may be paid
by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit, or proceeding as
authorized by the Board of Directors in the specific case upon receipt of an undertaking by or on
behalf of the director, officer, employee, or agent to repay such amount unless it shall ultimately
be determined that he is entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized herein.


          (f) The indemnification provided by this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any by-law, agreement vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his
official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall


continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure
to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.


          (g) The corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any
person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted
against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether
or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the
provisions of this section.


          (h) For the purposes of this section, references to the corporation include all constituent
corporations absorbed in a consolidation or merger as well as the resulting or surviving
corporation so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such
constituent corporation or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this section with respect
to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would if he had served the resulting or surviving
corporation in the same capacity.


AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE III, SECTION 2
ADOPTED FEBRUARY 18, 1975


     RESOLVED, that the By-Laws of the Company be and they hereby are amended as follows:


     By striking Section 2 of Article III and substituting in lieu thereof the following:


     Section 2. Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase of the
authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office,
although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected to fill any
vacancy shall hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of the director whose office has
been vacated. Any director elected to a newly created directorship shall hold office until the
expiration of the term of office of the class to which he has been elected. If there are no
directors in office, then an election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute.
If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in
office shall constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior
to any such increase), the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or
stockholders holding at least ten percent of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding
having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any
such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors
then in office.


AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE V,
ADOPTED FEBRUARY 18, 1975


     RESOLVED, that the By-Laws of the Corporation be and they hereby are amended as follows:


     1. By striking Sections 6 and 6A of Article V and substituting in lieu thereof the following:


THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD


     Section 6. The chairman of the board of directors shall preside at all meetings of the
stockholders and of the board of directors and shall have such other duties as may be conferred
upon him by the board of directors. Except where the signature of some other officer or agent of
the corporation is expressly required, the chairman shall possess the same power as the
vice-chairman to execute all deeds, notes, bonds, mortgages, certificates, contracts and other
instruments of the corporation which may be authorized by the board of directors.


THE VICE-CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD


     Section 6A. The vice-chairman of the board of directors shall be the chief executive officer
of the corporation. He shall have general and active management of the business of the corporation
and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of directors are carried into effect,
subject, however, to the right of the board of directors by resolution to delegate any specific
powers to any other officer, director or agent of the corporation. The vice-chairman shall, on
behalf of the corporation and as authorized by the board of directors, execute all deeds, notes,
bonds, mortgages, certificates, contracts and other instruments in writing, except where the
signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors to some other
officer or agent of the corporation. He may vote all securities which the corporation is entitled
to vote except as and to the extent such authority shall be vested in a different officer or agent
of the corporation by the board of directors. In the absence or inability to act of the chairman of
the board, or upon the request of the chairman of the board, he shall preside at the meetings of
the stockholders and of the board of directors, and shall have and exercise all of the powers and
duties of the chairman of the board.


AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE II, SECTION 2
ADOPTED OCTOBER 28, 1977


     RESOLVED, that the By-Laws of the Corporation be amended by striking Section 2 of Article II
and substituting in lieu thereof the following:


     Section 2. Annual meetings of  stockholders, commencing with the year 1978, shall be held
on the second Monday in August if not a legal holiday, and if a legal holiday, then on the next
secular day following, at 10:00 A.M., or at such other date and time as shall be designated from
time to time by the board of directors and stated in the notice of the meeting, at which they shall
elect by a plurality vote a board of directors and transact such other business as may properly be
brought before the meeting.


AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE V,
ADOPTED FEBRUARY 13, 1978


     RESOLVED, that the By-Laws of the corporation be and hereby are amended by adding the
following Section 16 to Article V thereof:


     Section 16. The Controller. The Controller shall be responsible to the Board of
Directors and the Chief Executive Officer for all financial control and internal audit of
the corporation. He shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him by the Board
of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.


AMENDMENTS, THROUGH OCTOBER 3, 1980, TO ARTICLE II, SECTION 1,
AFFECTING THE NUMBER OF DIRECTORS


1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

ARTICLE III, SECTION 1 of the Bylaws, as in effect on October 3, 1980 reads as follows in its
entirety:


Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be five (5).
The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided
in Section 2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until his
successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be stockholders.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS
ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON JULY 2, 1984


Amendment of Bylaws


WHEREAS, the Bylaws of the Corporation provide for a board of directors of five persons; and



WHEREAS, the terms of two directors expire in 1984; and



WHEREAS, the directors consider it in the best interest of the Corporation to nominate only one
candidate for election as a director at the 1984 annual meeting of shareholders and, simultaneously
with such meeting, to reduce the total authorized number of directors from five to four:


RESOLVED, that Article III, Section I of the Bylaws be, and hereby is, amended to read as follows
in its entirety, effective August 6, 1984:


Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be four (4).
The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the shareholders, except as provided
in Section 2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until his
successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be shareholders.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS
AUTHORIZED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
DECEMBER 4, 1986


NOW RESOLVED, that ARTICLE IX, entitled INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND
AGENTS, be and hereby is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:


ARTICLE IX
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS


Section 1. (a) The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (other than an action
by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director,
officer, employee, or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees)
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in
connection with such action, suit, or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by judgment,
order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall
not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a
manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to
believe that his conduct was unlawful.


(b) The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action or suit by or in the right of
the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a
director, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys
fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement
of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no
indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue, or matter as to which such
person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the
extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses
which the court shall deem proper.


(c) To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit, or proceeding referred
to in subparagraphs (a) and (b), or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he
shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by him in connection therewith.


(d) Any indemnification under subparagraphs (a) and (b) (unless ordered by a court) shall be
made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that
indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances
because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subparagraphs (a) and
(b). Such determination shall be made (i) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a
quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or
(ii) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested
directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iii) by the
stockholders.


(e) Expenses incurred by an officer or director in defending a civil or criminal action,
suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of
such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the
officer or director to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not
entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized herein. Such expenses incurred
by other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the
board of directors deems appropriate.


(f) The indemnification provided by this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any by-law, agreement,
vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his
official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall
continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and
shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.


(g) The corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any
person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any
liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of
his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him
against such liability under this Article.


(h) For the purposes of this Article, references to the corporation shall include, in
addition to the resulting corporation, all constituent corporations (including any
constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate
existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors,
officers, and employees or agents, so that person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of such constituent corporation or is or was serving at the request of
such constituent corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another


corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same
position under this Article with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he
would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had
continued.


(i) For purposes of this Article, references to other enterprises shall include employee
benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person
with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the
corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer,
employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or
beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed
to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan
shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation as referred to in this Article.


Section 2. The corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same may be amended and
supplemented from time to time, indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have the power
to indemnify under said section from and against any and all expenses, liabilities or other
matters referred to in or covered by said section, or any successor section thereto.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS
ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MARCH 17, 1992:


Amendment of Bylaws.


RESOLVED, that Article III, Section 1 of the Bylaws of the Corporation be, and hereby is, amended
to read in its entirety:


Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be five (5).
The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the shareholders, except as provided
in Section 2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until such
directors successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be shareholders.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS
ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON
NOVEMBER 18, 1992


RESOLVED, that Article III, Section 1 of the bylaws of the Corporation be, and hereby is, amended
to read in its entirety:


Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be four (4).
The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided
in Section 2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until such
directors successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be stockholders.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS
AUTHORIZED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
DECEMBER 30, 1993


RESOLVED, that Article V of the By-Laws of the Corporation be, and hereby is, amended, which
amendment shall become automatically effective upon the hiring and commencement of the employment
of a new President and Chief Executive Officer, as contemplated hereby, as follows:


Section 6A of Article V shall be changed to Section 7, and the following language shall be deleted
from said Section:


The vice-chairman of the board of directors shall be the chief executive officer of the
corporation. He shall have general and active management of the business of the corporation
and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of directors are carried into
effect, subject, however, to the right of the board of directors by a resolution to delegate
any specific powers to any other officer, director or agent of the corporation.


and said delete language shall be replaced with the following:


THE VICE-CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD


               Section 7. The vice-chairman of the board of directors shall have such duties as may be
conferred upon him by the board of directors. The vice chairman may, on behalf of the
corporation, execute or give final approval for all contracts, deeds, notes, bonds,
mortgages, certificates, instruments, commitments, budgets, plans and expenditures. He may
vote all securities which the corporation is entitled to vote. In the absence or inability
to act of the chairman of the board or the president, he shall have and exercise all of the
powers and duties of the chairman of the board, and the president, respectively.


     The existing Section 7 and Section 8 shall be deleted in their entirety and replaced with the
following:


THE PRESIDENT


               Section 8. the president shall be chief executive officer of the corporation. He shall
have general and active management of the business of the corporation and shall see that all
orders and resolutions of the board of directors are carried into effect, subject, however,
to the right of the board of directors to delegate any specific powers to any other officer,
director or agent of the corporation. In the absence or inability to act of the
vice-chairman of the board, he shall have and exercise all of the power and duties of the
chairman of the board and the vice-chairman of the board.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS
ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON
JUNE 27, 2002


     FURTHER RESOLVED, that Article III, Section 1 of the bylaws of the Corporation be, and hereby
is, amended to read in its entirety:


Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be six (6).
The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as
provided in Section 2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until
such directors successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be stockholders.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS
ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON
SEPTEMBER 24, 2002


Amendment to Bylaws:


WHEREAS, the Bylaws of the Corporation provide for a board of directors of consisting of six
persons; and


WHEREAS, the directors consider it in the best interest of the Corporation to increase the
authorized total number of directors from six to seven; now therefore, be it


RESOLVED, that Article III, Section 1 of the Bylaws of the Company be, and hereby is amended to
read in its entirety:


Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board
shall be seven (7). The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of
the stockholders, except as provided in Section 2 of this Article, and each
director elected shall hold office until such directors successor is
elected and qualified. Directors need not be stockholders.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS OF
K-V PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY


As directed by the unanimously adopted resolution of the Board of Directors of K-V Pharmaceutical
Company duly adopted on June 28, 2004, the Bylaws of the Company were amended, effective June 28,
2004, by amending the first sentence of Article III, Section 1 thereof to read as follows in its
entirety:


     The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be ten.


AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS OF
K-V PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY


As directed by the unanimously adopted resolution of the Board of Directors of K-V Pharmaceutical
Company duly adopted on June 28, 2004, the Bylaws of the Company were amended, effective September
9, 2004 (the date of the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders held on such date), by amending the
first sentence of Article III, Section 1 thereof to read as follows in its entirety:


     The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be nine.


AMENDMENT
[Effective November 30, 2007]


The following section 7 is added to Article VI of the Companys Bylaws:


          7. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any and all classes and series of
shares, or any part thereof, may be uncertificated, except that shares represented by a
certificate that is issued and outstanding shall continue to be represented thereby until
the certificate is surrendered to the corporation. Within a reasonable time after the
issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares, the corporation shall cause to be sent to the
registered owner thereof a written notice containing information required to be set forth or
stated on certificates. The rights and obligations of the holders of shares represented by
certificates and the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares of the
same class of series shall be identical. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the board of directors may adopt alternative procedures for registration of transfers or
uncertificated shares.


K-V PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY
AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS
ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON
MARCH 26, 2008


     WHEREAS, the By-laws of K-V Pharmaceutical Company (the Company), as currently in effect,
provide for a Board of Directors consisting of nine persons; and


     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors deems it advisable and in the best interest of the Company to
amend the By-laws to provide that the number of directors that constitute the Board of Directors
shall be no fewer than three nor more than 12 directors as determined by the Board of Directors
from time to time.


     NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that Article III, Section 1 of the By-laws of the Company be,
and it hereby is, amended to read in its entirety:


Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board of
directors shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors from time to
time, provided such number of directors shall not be less than three (3) nor more
than twelve (12). The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the
stockholders, except as provided in Section 2 of this Article, and each director
elected shall hold office until such directors successor is elected and qualified.
Directors need not be stockholders.


AMENDMENT TO BY-LAWS OF
K-V PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY


     As directed by the resolution of the Board of Directors of K-V Pharmaceutical Company duly
adopted on December 5, 2008, the By-Laws of K-V Pharmaceutical Company (the By-Laws) are hereby
amended as follows:


     1. Article II of the By-Laws is hereby amended by inserting the following new Section 12 at
the end thereof:


     Section 12. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the board of directors may fix a
record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing
the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which record date shall not be
more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted
by the board of directors. Any stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders
authorize or take corporate action by written consent shall, by written notice to the
secretary, request the board of directors to fix a record date. The board of directors shall
promptly, but in all events within 10 days after the date on which such request is received,
adopt a resolution fixing the record date. If no record date has been fixed by the board of
directors within 10 days after the date on which such a request is received, the record date
for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a
meeting, when no prior action by the board of directors is required by applicable law, shall
be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or
proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in
Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having
custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery
to the corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the board of directors and
prior action by the board of directors is required by applicable law, the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a
meeting shall be at the close of business on the date on which the board of directors adopts
the resolution taking such prior action.


2. Section 5 of Article VI of the By-Laws is hereby amended to read as follows:


     Section 5. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled
to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock
or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a
record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of
such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. A determination of
stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall
apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may
fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. The manner of fixing a record date


for the determination of stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in
writing without a meeting shall be as provided for in Article II, Section 12.


3. The effective date of this amendment is December 5, 2008.


AMENDMENT TO BY-LAWS OF
K-V PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY


[Effective December 29, 2009]


     RESOLVED, that Section 12 of Article II of the By-Laws of the Corporation be, and
hereby is, amended so as to read in its entirety as follows:


Section 12. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled
to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the board of directors
may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which
record date shall not be more than three days after the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors. Any
stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate
action by written consent shall, by written notice to the secretary, request the
board of directors to fix a record date. The board of directors shall promptly, but
in all events within three days after the date on which such a request is received,
adopt a resolution fixing the record date. If no record date has been fixed by the
board of directors within three days after the date on which such a request is
received, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the board of
directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date on which a signed
written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered
to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal
place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the
book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery to the
corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the board of directors
and prior action by the board of directors is required by applicable law, the record
date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing
without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the date on which the board
of directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.


     RESOLVED, that Section 10 of Article III of the By-Laws of the Corporation be, and
hereby is, amended so as to read in its entirety as follows:


Section 10. The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the
whole board of directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to
consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The board of directors
may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may
replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the
absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members
thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he
or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of
directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified
member. Except as otherwise expressly required under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, any United States federal law, including but not limited to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, any
action or resolution of any committee of the board of directors (including but not
limited to compensation, stock options or stock grants, and other forms of
remuneration granted to any executive officer of the corporation) shall only be
effective or binding upon the corporation upon ratification of such action or
resolution by the board of directors in accordance with these By-Laws; provided,
however, that no action or resolution (other than actions or resolutions involving
matters described of Section 13 of these By-laws, which shall be


governed by the provisions of Section 1 and Section 13 of Article VIII) of any
committee of the board of directors formed solely for the purpose of and which
action consists solely of (1) responding to requests by the Government for
documents, testimony or other factual information, or (2) responding to discovery
requests in securities and ERISA litigation, shall require ratification by the board
of directors.


     RESOLVED, that Article III of the By-Laws of the Corporation be, and hereby is,
amended by adding and inserting the following Section 13 at the end of such Article:


Section 13. Each of the following acts or resolutions of the board of directors, or
any committee thereof, or the ratification by the board of directors of any such act
or resolution by any committee thereof, in order to be effective, shall require the
unanimous affirmative vote or unanimous written consent of the members of the board
of directors then in office (other than any directors who affirmatively recuse
themselves prior to the vote):


     (a) The approval of any agreement or contract, or the issuance of any security,
which confers stockholder voting rights;


     (b) The increase in the number of the members of the board of directors, in
accordance with Section 1 of Article III of these by-laws, to a number which is in
excess of eight (8);


     (c) The approval of any contract, agreement or other document or instrument
which contains any provision (1) which imposes a penalty, acceleration of debt,
purchase obligation or other adverse effect upon the corporation resulting from the
election or appointment of any individual to the board of directors or the removal
of any member of the board of directors or (2) which restricts, limits or dilutes
the right of the stockholders to elect or appoint any individual to the board of
directors or to remove any member of the board of directors.


     RESOLVED, that Section 1 of Article VIII of the By-Laws of the Corporation be, and
hereby is, amended by deleting such section in its entirety and replacing such section with
the following:


Section 1. These by-laws may be altered, amended or repealed or new by-laws may be
adopted by the stockholders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of
the corporation or by the board of directors, provided however that these bylaws may
be altered, amended or repealed or new by-laws may be adopted by the board of
directors only if such action is approved by either (a) the unanimous written
consent of the members of the board of directors then in office, or (b) the
affirmative vote of all but one of the members of the board of directors then in
office, at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors or
at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors if notice of
such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new by-laws be contained in the
notice of such special meeting.


     RESOLVED, that Section 4 of Article III of the By-Laws of the Corporation be, and
hereby is, amended by deleting such section in its entirety and replacing such section with
the following:


Section 4. The board of directors of the corporation may hold meetings, both
regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. All such
regular or special meetings may not be scheduled to occur on any religious holiday
(including the Sabbath holiday) which is observed as a non-working day by any member
of the board of directors.


